[Music]
Good evening Javier man Good
evening Mr. Francisco Rodriguez is going to
dedicate a little bit of his time to
us please here on tele salseo
now that you're on tour
delighted what an [ __ ] you are You're an
envious man of course
all the channels except mine well then they'll
tell me No if I get envious not
jealous Oh I'm cracking up you're jealous as
God is and another
jealous
Hey Good evening Javier here
and for me to be with you I just
finished with Enrique 10
minutes ago and nothing good how delighted
delighted to be with you I saw
a minute on him on the chat Well then
to Mimi to all the moderators To Evelyn
to Jordi to Rocío well and to me who
is already an old well let's see old
acquaintance of
mine friend and
personal that I adore that I have known
for a long time through
Twitter and so on and to whom I send a
huge kiss
always always that's why that's why nothing I
'm up to whatever you tell me Javier that you
are here on
the director Well look if it seems good to you let's go  let's
start by
asking you by the way today
People were asking about you Today they
were just telling me at the beginning of the
live where Francisco goes that
Francisco is not coming anymore and I said no no here
Yes he is coming coming today
well let's see you know that I've had
a little health problem for a while
that I've had to take care of and
indeed he's kind of
disappeared not like combat But
well we have to keep going We have to keep going but but yes yes
better better and nothing and nothing well
Last night we were we
were doing a live broadcast with David
about Basile's dismissal
and and today with Enrique and you but we're
happy delighted that we can continue
Chatting and having a
nice time with the people who follow you
well how has that thing with Vasile
Francisco happened because yesterday they went out to
get him today Ana Rosa sort of
confirmed it Because
the one who is together has almost said goodbye to him
then that Well look
look yesterday yesterday mid-afternoon at 6:30
when the world published the information
Almost almost a few minutes later
La Vanguardia denied it and then half an
hour later half an hour later the
statement from European media, that is, from the
parent company came out  let's say not from the Berlusconi group
in Italy and well David had
planned to do the live show when
the denial came out he was a bit like that
with a face like saying Well what do we
do no and I was talking to the
people in the world
Well then they handled the information no And
from the first moment I was very clear
and so I said yesterday in
David's live show that the denial statement itself
was a confirmation Javier
because If you read between the lines when they
tell you no no no we are not going to dismiss him
Well that's what they mean is that
they don't want to talk about dismissal because they
want to talk about an agreed exit
[Music] let's
say compatible no and it's
logical that they present it like that after
23 years no but of course immediately after the
statement said and we are happy with
the successes of the 23 years of
Pablo Vasile's management Well that's a
farewell that's a farewell no And I
said that David I say David
regardless of the fact that I have confirmed it and
regardless of the fact that the world is not
going to get caught with its fingers with news of
this caliber
the statement itself to me  warns that it has
indeed occurred no
Well it has already been confirmed On all
fronts Javier because Vasile himself
made some mini statements to the
world a while ago
in which he claims that
his departure has indeed occurred and he
places it in
approximately February That is to say that in February
2023 the current management team
of Telecinco disappears and I hope that
the television model of recent months also disappears with them
and it was no longer like this Read things are going to
change many things it is certain
that there is no other choice really no there is no
other because because I repeat
regardless of how they present it to me
yesterday in the world they told me Look they described it to me
with a phrase that is very it
is very significant it says this is an
expulsion by impulse or in other words
we get rid of it But
obviously we get rid of it It
also made no sense that it was not like
that because
on June 24 of this year his
contract was renewed for three years his
contract was renewed for three years
on June 24, which was voted on at the
extraordinary general meeting of
shareholders So
an explanation makes no sense  of that type Of
course because man if they renew your
contract for three years but then
in between there have been very
significant things Because also
a few weeks ago the contract of
Jorge Javier Vázquez was renewed, it had not
expired, it had not expired because it expired in
the summer of next year and then it
was extended for another year, in short,
a whole series of movements that what they
indicated, let's
see when you know a little about
how things are in the house of
course No but we were already before the
end of a cycle we are not facing the
end of a cycle because I think that in addition to
everything they have been doing in
recent months
They are already putting up the umbrella of
what is coming next year in May
municipal elections And regional elections in
December general elections
of course I don't know, you know how it keeps adding
things up and in the end they all lead to the
same destination which is the departure of this
management team I won't even tell you if we
start to think about what is
happening in destruction game
number 4 in Madrid with the whole issue with the
whole issue of the deluxe operation no
then Really if in addition to all that
you add that  the last few weeks have
seen day after day a low after
low in the share price of
Mediaset on the stock market to the point
that they have reached two
euros and 20 cents.
Of course, what are you doing with your, what are you doing with
a team that today said Vasile, today today it's
going like this, it was boasting about its
results with the dividends, 3,000, I don't know
how many million euros in dividends
we have paid, yes, you have paid 3,000, 3,000 and
some million euros in dividends, but
the company that was worth 4.5 billion
this morning was worth 790.
So, as The Simpsons would say in
Happy, allow me the joke, Javier,
multiply yourself by zero, no, because yes, yes, of
course, it has been able to generate all
those benefits in 23 years, indeed, it
is true that they have been
economically fantastic years,
but but but if at the same time the
Berlusconi assets have gone
from being worth 4.5 billion, I am referring to the
assets that refer, of course, to
Mediaset, no,
of course, but of course, we are talking
about  4.5 billion to
[Music]
900 sorry to 792 Look yesterday
Spain is worth that yes goals in Spain yes
Look yesterday yesterday we remembered yesterday we
remembered Javier with with David he
bought do you remember the five shares
to be able to go to the general
shareholders meeting do you remember he
bought five shares well the shares
plus the purchase expenses of the
operation 35 euros I
told him yesterday I say Hey do me a favor
go into the account to see how much you have left
12.70
no no Javier 12 with 70 less than half
has now gone down practically a third
Javier practically a third if you
multiply 12 by 3 it's 36 of course the
payment 35 eye eye eye he paid 35 including the
purchase expenses what I want to say
but of course we are talking about
35 euros having become 12
so that people understand if he had
bought 35,000 euros he would have 12,000 or in
other words he had paid 23,000 euros but I
say this so that people
understand because there are thousands  of
shareholders thousands
small shareholders medium institutional investors
funds investment funds large
European investment funds
that have lost what is not in
writing and that this gentleman gets up
this morning to confirm that
indeed what well he does not say
that he has been fired logically he says that they have
agreed to his departure that he had
already requested look he goes so far as to
say that he had already requested it in June
when in fact in June what happened
is that they renewed his contract for three years
and he goes further he says that when
before the pandemic they were already talking
about the exit formula and that the
pandemic stopped everything Well in the end
these statements have
small print I already yesterday when I was reading the
statement everyone started
warning me today to be careful with what you say
and such Well as soon as they found out about the
live broadcast with David, don't be careful that you
lied Mediaset well
Media Europe and that is what the
group is called now they have denied it in
a statement and such when I read the
statement I said but if they are
confirming it
of course it is the same I don't know if
you remember  from the statement that
the TV factory released in March regarding
Operation Deluxe, well, directly,
well, it was a series of lies,
one after another, but let's go with things
that had already been confirmed
publicly, for example, the video of the
world where we saw Gustavo and
Gustavo and this policeman declare, I mean, that's
one
that Gustavo today took advantage of the
tail wind with the Basile issue to
confirm that he is not there anymore, that he was
fired,
he made some statements at 20 minutes,
I think it's the newspaper where I
saw them and But well, he
forgot to tell
the facts for which they have not
renewed his contract, which has
nothing to do with what he says but
really
the key is in the testimony that is
not judicial and that seriously compromises
Mediaset and now the
TV factory, of course,
in the end, no either. Yes, but I mean, they are
also asking for a cover-up,
the truth is that
[Music]